c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\B.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\background.jpg
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CaveTop.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorSprite.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Down.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1Bag.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2BAG.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Inventory.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL0.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Lvl1.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LvL2.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL3.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL4.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL5.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P1.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P2.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P3.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P4.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\PlatForm.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Up.png
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
c:\users\cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\HealthGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\HealthRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Ladder.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Cracked.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DarkBG.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Crane.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAid.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAidINBag.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Spike.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DangerZone.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\exit.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadScreen.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\orb.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\start.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Pause.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Resume.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\interactionPrompt.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CraneLvl.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\1500OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\1500OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\150OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\15OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\GreenWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\RedWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\YellowWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\120OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\2.2OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\470OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTiles\47OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorDummyActive.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\B.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Crane.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CraneLvl.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorDummyActive.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorSprite.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DangerZone.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DarkBG.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Down.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\exit.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAid.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAidINBag.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1Bag.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2BAG.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\interactionPrompt.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Inventory.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadScreen.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL0.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Lvl1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LvL2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL3.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL4.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL5.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\orb.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P3.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P4.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Pause.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Resume.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Spike.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\start.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Up.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FlashLight.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Battery.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadingScreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\StartScreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\BGTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\Cracked.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\CaveTopTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\Ladder.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\120OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\1500OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\1500OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\150OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\15OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\240OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\240V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\270OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\470OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\47OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\480V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\600V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\Check.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\GreenWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\OhmDropTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\Range.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\RedWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\X.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\YellowWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\PlatForm.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\ShadedTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\TileClasses\SingleSpikeTile.cs
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameCaveEventTileImages\SingleSpikeTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameCaveEventTileImages\SplitSpikeTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\HealthGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\HealthRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\DownBot.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\DownTop.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\BGTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\Cracked.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\DownBot.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\DownTop.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\Ladder.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameCaveEventTileImages\SingleSpikeTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameCaveEventTileImages\SplitSpikeTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\120OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\1500OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\1500OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\150OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\15OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\240OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\240V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\270OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\470OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\47OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\480V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\600V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\Check.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\GreenWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\OhmDropTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\Range.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\RedWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\X.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\YellowWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P3.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P4.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\PlatForm.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\ShadedTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\TileClasses\SingleSpikeTile.cs
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\CaveTopTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\obj\x86\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\B.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Battery.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\BGTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\Cracked.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Crane.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\CraneLvl.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorDummyActive.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\cursorSprite.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DangerZone.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\DarkBG.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Down.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\exit.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAid.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FirstAidINBag.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\FlashLight.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\DownBot.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\DownTop.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\PlatForm.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\CaveTopTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\HealthGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\HealthRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I1Bag.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\I2BAG.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\interactionPrompt.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Inventory.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\Ladder.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadingScreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LoadScreen.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameCaveEventTileImages\SingleSpikeTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameCaveEventTileImages\SplitSpikeTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\120OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\1500OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\1500OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\150OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\15OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmGreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\2.2OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\240OhmRed.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\240V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\270OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\470OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\47OhmYellow.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\480V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\600V.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\Check.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\GreenWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\OhmDropTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\Range.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\RedWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\X.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\MiniGameTileImages\YellowWire.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\orb.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P3.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\P4.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Pause.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Resume.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\ShadedTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\start.jpg
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\StartScreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\Up.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\TileClasses\SingleSpikeTile.cs
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.exe
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\COSC438GameDesignNewREV.pdb
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\InventoryLocationTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\MedKitTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\MiningAxe.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\PauseMenu.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\StartMenu.gif
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\LoadingScreen.gif
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\ControlsMenu.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\ControlsMenu.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\InventoryLocationTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\LoadingScreen.gif
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\PauseMenu.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\StartMenu.gif
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\MedKitTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\MiningAxe.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthGreen_01.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthGreen_02.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthGreen_03.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthGreen_04.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthGreen_05.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthRed_01.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthRed_02.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthRed_03.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthRed_04.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ScoreTileImages\HealthRed_05.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\Battery.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\FlashLight.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ResourceImages\BurstBar_01.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ResourceImages\BurstBar_02.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ResourceImages\BurstBar_03.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\SlipperyTile.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\ItemImages\EngineerToolKit.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\CurrentlyOutofOrderMenu.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\DangerZoneMenu.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\DeathScreen.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\InfoButton.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\InfoScreenLevel1.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\InfoScreenLevel2.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_01.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_02.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_03.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_05.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_06.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_07.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_08.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\LVL2Resources\CraneFiller_04.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GUIImages\Mprompt.png
C:\Users\Cod\Desktop\GAMEDESIGNRESOURCES\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\COSC438GameDesignNewREV\bin\Windows\Debug\Images\GeneralTileImages\SpikeTileUp.png
